today I would like to discuss that page
old question does Santa exist presenting
two perspectives from a scientific
standpoint of all we look at the
Newtonian perspective of Santa Claus now
in the world they're approximately two
and a half million children according to
recent census estimates 33 percent of
these households are Christian which
means they're 825 million Christian
house of Christian children in the world
since Santa's not appeared at handled
Hindus Jews Muslims Sikhs etc well
assuming there are 2.5 children per home
that means there are three and thirty
million homes at Santa must visit on
Christmas we will assume there is one
good child in each which might be a bit
of us so how long does Santa have to
work with well we're gonna assuming
travels east to west we should give them
a little bit extra time due to the
rotation of the earth 31 hours instead
of 24 well 31 hours in through and 30
million homes means he has to visit
approximately 3000 homes each second so
each home he has point 0 0 0 3 3 3
seconds to drop off presents drink milk
eat cookies etc get down the chimney get
back up chair begin slight and head on
to that next home that means the sleigh
must be amazingly fast so let's assume
these houses are evenly distributed
across the globe even though we know
it's not true it's a good approximation
that means the average separation of
each home is 0.78 miles about 3/4 of a
mile so point seven eight miles per
house times two and 30 million houses
means he must travel 258 million miles
in those 31 hours doing this gives an
average speed of 2,300 miles per second
which works out to Mach 11,000 for his
sleigh a normal reindeer can run
approximately 15 miles
that's one fast sleigh Santa has tricked
so how much does this layaway
well let's assume each town gets only a
medium-sized lego weighing
approximately two pounds how many
reindeer would it take to pull his
sleigh well assuming a super reindeer
can pull a thousand times as much as a
normal reindeer he would still need
36,000 reindeer to pull his sleigh so
the weight of his slight plus the
presence 36,000 Winder plus implants the
fat Santa equals eight hundred seventy
nine thousand tons the Santa will
experience great g-forces in his journey
as well he must go from rest to 2300
miles per second in one six thousandth
of a second every time he starts and
stops this yields a g-force of 2.2
billion times the force of gravity your
average human can survive approximately
a 30 g impact a force on a tour and
50-pound santa which seems ridiculously
light would be 550 oh my god I have to
count those zeros 550 billion pounds
what about air resistance well as Santa
goes through the air air resistance
generates 3.2 quintillion of watts on
the breed reindeer for comparison that's
over 900 thousand times the power of the
entire United States uses according to
2004 the most recent figure year for
which figures were available reindeer
would be vaporized in point zero zero
four to six seconds that's for the
entire team
therefore Santa is dead at the effort
delivered presents but wait there's
potential loophole in this 20th century
we discovered two quantum mechanics you
might recall from her high school
chemistry classes that things behave
very strangely when you look at small
objects like protons and electrons and
this could potentially provide a way for
Santa to do his work physics of an
electron you might remember
they exist as probability fields when no
one is observing them they're not single
objects there's a probability that could
be at any given place therefore the
electron can be seen as being in two or
more places at once as long as no one is
observing it when electron is measured
its wavefunction collapses and we
observe it in a single location the
single location being determined by its
probability function
so what if santa was a macroscopic
quantum object well Santa would behave
like this electron he can visit everyone
in the world at once as long as no one
observes him this can beat the disk we
have evidence for this in the fact that
children are told to go to bed so they
don't see Santa when they that night
doing his job as long as they don't see
him Santa can be everywhere in the world
at once and who has worked rather
leisurely there's a lot of Santa's
you
what happens if someone does happen to
observe Santa sometimes kids do stay up
late at night trying to catch Santa well
then his wavefunction collapses and he
is observed to be your dad in a Santa
costume
well the quit that begs the question do
these macroscopic quantum objects exist
maybe physicists have made multiple
particles behave as one macroscopic
quantum particle but none or as large as
santa yet however just because we've not
exceeded in making one that large they
cannot be ruled out and we should also
note that is easy to create macroscopic
quantum objects that extremely cold
temperatures Santa lives at the North
Pole hmm I do not think that is a
coincidence
so sad the existence of Santa cannot be
ruled out as long as we and as long as
we appeal to the laws of quantum physics
so I want you to have yourself a quantum
little Christmas
you